docs: Add section on building rocprofsys for no GPU (#57)
ROCm/rocprofiler-systems: docs/install/install.rst

* `ROCm <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/install-on-linux/en/latest>`_

  * HIP

>   * ROCTracer for HIP API and kernel tracing
>   * ROCm SMI Lib for GPU monitoring
>   * ROCProfiler for GPU hardware counters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ROCm SMI Lib for GPU monitoring
  * ROCprofiler SDK for GPU hardware counters and ROCm tracing
```
Sorry, updating to reflect some recent changes for the ROCprofiler SDK support.

Author: Thanks @dgaliffiAMD

This happens because the value of the ``MPI_COMM_WORLD`` is truncated
during the function wrapping before being passed along to the underlying MPI function.

ROCm Systems Profiler without ROCm
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To build ROCm Systems Profiler for use on systems without a GPU or the ROCm runtime, disable HIP
> support using the CMake configuration option ``ROCPROFSYS_USE_HIP=OFF``. See :ref:`cmake-options`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build ROCm Systems Profiler for use on systems without a GPU or the ROCm runtime, disable ROCm
support using the CMake configuration option ``ROCPROFSYS_USE_ROCM=OFF``. See :ref:`cmake-options`
```
Sorry, updating to reflect some recent changes to the configuration settings with the rocprofiler-sdk support.

Author: Thanks

Author: ref: https://github.com/ROCm/rocprofiler-systems/pull/55
